c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\bin\Release\TestingSystem.exe.config
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\bin\Release\TestingSystem.exe
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\bin\Release\TestingSystem.pdb
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\LogInView.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\RegisterView.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\StudentViews\StudentLandingPageView.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\StudentViews\StudentQuizView.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\TeacherViews\CreateQuestionView.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\TeacherViews\TeacherLandingPageView.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\LogInView.baml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\RegisterView.baml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\StudentViews\StudentLandingPageView.baml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\StudentViews\StudentQuizView.baml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\TeacherViews\CreateQuestionView.baml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\View\TeacherViews\TeacherLandingPageView.baml
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.g.resources
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.Migrations._20.resources
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.Migrations._21.resources
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.Migrations._22.resources
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.exe
c:\users\george\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestingSystem\TestingSystem\obj\Release\TestingSystem.pdb
